[CQA] Reduce three-sentence abstracts (#4965)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_configuring-project-to-provision-from-a-builder-image.adoc

= Configuring {Project} to provision from a {LoraxCompose} image

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use {the-Cockpit} integration to access {LoraxCompose}, build images, and provision hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use {the-Cockpit} integration to access {LoraxCompose} and build imagesfor host provisioning.
```

Author: ```suggestion
You can use {the-Cockpit} integration to access {LoraxCompose} and build images for host provisioning.
```
